Montana's not gonna be happy.
So this is why they tell you
not to play with fire.
This is so not going well.
- Hi.
- Right.
Because things
weren't complicated enough.
Listen, Molten Man. There are
innocent girls behind the counter.
Like I'd fall for that old trick.
O, is it all forgot?
All schooldays' innocence,
childhood friendship?
No, I mean:
Schooldays' friendship,
childhood innocence?
And will you rent
our ancient love asunder?
You thief of love!
What, have you come by night
and stolen my love's heart?
Stop! Where is the passion? The pain?
Ladies, your performance is
completely devoid of emotional truth.
And why is my follow-spot
not following my performers?
Where is Mark Allan?
Couldn't spring for a sprinkler system?
Hey, it's Montana's place.
I'm just the manager.
I gotta get them out before they're hurt
or learn the truth.
Okay, Parker, don't blow it.
Time to step up and show Liz
the girl you care about most is...
- Gwen.
- Hi, Pete.
Waiting for Liz?
Yeah.
You're waiting for Harry?
- Maybe we shouldn't wait together.
- Yeah, maybe not.
Liz, wait.
Look, I know I've been
the how-not-to boyfriend lately.
But I really, really wanna make things
right with us.
Please.
I want things right too, Petey.
It'd be nice if something felt right.
Should I know what that means?
I think my brother's in trouble again.
- I noticed Mark hasn't been in school.
- Gambling. He swore he gave it up...
...but I saw him talking to
Blackie Gaxton, his old bookie.
And I found this in his jacket pocket.
It's a betting slip.
Roosevelt Downs Racetrack.
Five thousand on Altierior-Motive.
I looked the horse up online, it lost.
Last time Mark was on a losing streak,
he stole a car...
...to pay off his debts and wound up
doing six months in juvie.
I'm so sorry, Liz.
I wish there was something I could do.
You already did.
Couldn't help overhearing.
Gwen, could you give us a second?
Sure.
Pete, when you're addicted
to gambling or (Bree--
Or whatever, it's easy to backslide.
Too easy. Trust me on this.
No one can help Mark
until he's ready to help himself.
Harry's right. I can't help Mark.
But maybe Spider-Man can.
Grab hold. Now give your friendly
neighbourhood Spidey a big hug.
Whatever you do, don't let go.
The girls, they are here.
Itsy-bitsy.
What about me?
Where's me money, Marky?
I don't have it yet.
But there's this horse, Golden Chance.
It's a lock.
It's always a lock with you, kid--
Good news, low-lives.
The city's gone green.
Say hello to the new Big Man
of crime, the Green Goblin.
Of course,
I can't abide divided loyalties.
Show of hands,
who's still sweet on Tombstone?
Hammerhead? Silvermane?
Oh, don't tell me you like the Master
Planner and his wonderful personality?
Wrong answer.
Get him!
Hold this, won't you?
- You didn't want to play?
- Been a bookie long enough...
-...to know a winner when I see one.
- Oh, good answer.
You've just been promoted
to my first leftenant.
And here's your first assignment.
I need:
Gobby, I got just what you need.
- We can't go here. It's a police station.
- Relax.
Cops haven't come near since getting
their fancy new Midtown digs.
Gotta love the Goblin
for choosing it though.
Take off your jacket and wait here.
I don't appreciate last-minute changes.
- Where's Hammerhead?
- Hammie's out.
There's a new Big Man now,
but the deal's the same.
I reviewed Dr. Octavius' notes...
...on creating super mercenaries
with sub-dermal armour.
The theory's sound, but his method of
introducing the sub-dermal particles...
...led to the lab accident
known as Sandman.
The key is nanotechnology.
One simple infusion
of microscopic nanobots...
...and the particles can be evenly
distributed throughout the subject.
Whatever. Knock yourself out, doc.
All right, Marky, shirt off.
Sure he's a real doctor?
This place doesn't look sanitary.
Don't worry.
The procedure is simple and painless.
And the only way you get out
from under what you owe.
Trust me, kid, it's a lock.
So you all in or what?
Yeah, I'm all in.
Is that it?
What's happening?
The Big Sky is falling.
Let me help.
Stop, you're spreading the fire!
Liz? Mary Jane?
What did you do to me?
How do I get this off? Tell me!
Calm down, son. You can
control the armour with your mind.
Just concentrate.
Okay. Okay, okay.
Go away.
Very good.
A strong-willed person can turn
the armour on or off at a thought.
It's completely renewable
and virtually indestructible.
Congrats, doc.
What a success.
So we're square now, right, Black?
Sure, kid, we're aces.
Here, take this and bet that horse.
On me.
That's some crazy luck, Allan.
Cleared your debt,
survived the mad scientist...
...and walked away with optional
super-skin and a cool hundred.
Should really quit while you're ahead.
But how do you quit
when you're on this hot streak?
One hundred on Golden Chance.
I'm all in.
Easy, girl.
Mark's betting slip was from this track.
I can't stop him from gambling.
But if I find him,
I can protect him from--
Golden Chance takes an early lead,
trailed by Hopps-to-It.
Yes, Golden Chance!
Nicole-and-Dime has the inside rail,
but Golden Chance is pulling ahead.
Wayne-in-Spain at the back,
joined by Randyman.
Golden Chance leads the pack
by three lengths into the backstretch.
- Go! Go, go!
- But Andy-Can-Cook is coming up fast.
Nicole-and-Dime in third,
and closing in.
Hopps-to-It moves back into second.
Here comes Wayne-in-Spain...
...taking first.
And Golden Chance comes in last.
No! I almost had it!
What? But I didn't turn it on.
Go away. Go away. Go away!
No can do, buddy.
Is it gone?
Okay, not who I was looking for, but...
Is that an Oscar with my name on it?
I was thinking Emmy,
but spiders can't be choosers.
Stay away from me!
I don't have time for this.
I gotta get Blackie
to get this stuff off me.
That voice, it sounds like Mark.
Liz? Mary Jane? Can you hear me?
Don't touch him. He's red-hot.
- Mark's not home.
- Then we can talk.
I haven't seen Mark in three days.
What's going on?
Like I'd confide in you?
I know you're trying to split up
me and Petey for Gwen.
And I'm supposed to believe you care
about my brother?
Or did I misunderstand
your "un-relationship"?
My feelings for Mark haven't been "un"
for a while now.
And I'm really worried about him.
Liz, I think he's gambling again.
He told you about that?
Hands off, hot stuff.
Oh, no, you all go ahead. I'll be fine.
Get out. Get as far away--
- We can't.
- We know him.
- You do?
- No!
You can't know me.
You can't see me like this.
Step away from them, Spider-Man.
Good. They're not a part of this.
This is between me and you!
Wait, now you can throw lava too?
I am so due for a power upgrade.
Mark, stop!
Let us help you.
You don't have to do this.
I'm sorry.
But I do.
What's wrong with this stuff?
I can't turn it off.
Being a freak for life
wasn't part of our deal.
The deal was you play guinea pig,
and you clear your debt.
Not my fault you don't have the
mental focus to control your new skin.
I'll show you mental focus.
Perhaps it's time
we tell the boy the truth.
You never controlled the armour.
But you had to believe, or you wouldn't
have gone out in public.
And then how would I have tested
my remote?
Thank you.
No, wait! Don't!
So if you want to get your shiny
metal hands on this button...
...and regain control of your life...
...you'll need to do Gobby
one eensy-weensy favour.
Eliminate Spider-Man.
Eliminate Spider-Man?
The other crime lords made the mistake
of trying to distract the web-slinger.
I prefer a more direct approach.
Then you take him out.
Nothing would give me more pleasure,
believe me, but we'll stick to the plan.
But I don't wanna mess with Spidey.
He saved my sister's life.
You'll get over those little qualms.
Unless you want to wear
that tres chic fashion choice forever.
Oh, please.
You're lucky I'm offering this deal.
Your armour's unexpected heat
intrigues...
...and I'm tempted to make the change
permanent just to learn the cause.
You're a gambling man.
Would you bet on duration
or frustration?
There's a good flunky.
And don't worry,
you'll get your life back...
...as soon as Spider-Man's toast.
But don't mention my name.
I prefer to give anonymously.
We have got to get us a new hangout.
Just the Spider-Man I needed to see.
Wait. I know you're in trouble,
but we can get you help.
There's a doctor, a scientist,
Curt Connors. He--
Think I've had enough of doctors
and scientists for one day.
Take it easy, kid.
- I just cleaned up the last mess.
- Chill, Blackie, this'll be over soon.
Maybe you told the wrong guy to chill.
Look, I don't want to hurt you.
Feeling's mutual, yet here we are.
Mark, let him go!
Marquito, please.
This isn't your business, Lizzie.
You shouldn't have come here.
Maybe you told the wrong guy to chill.
Is that Mark?
We'd better get in there.
Listen, I know you owe Gaxton money.
No. Not anymore.
I paid in gold.
- That voice.
- Mark.
This is why they tell you
not to play with fire.
This is so not going well.
Hi.
Mark, listen. I know it seems hopeless.
It doesn't.
I get rid of Spidey, I get my life back.
It's a lock.
It's always a lock with you, Mark.
Quit gambling your life away.
Sorry, but I'm all in.
Then you leave me no choice.
Never gonna nail me from a distance.
I'm betting you're afraid
to get those hands dirty.
That's a sucker's bet.
That should cool him off.
And this should keep him that way.
Oh, well, that's what I get
for betting on an amateur.
I've read your notes. You're planning
to test sub-dermal armour...
...on human test subjects?
Planning, yes.
The way you left these out, it's as if you
wanted me to find them so I'd stop you.
Well, it worked.
There is no way you're using my lab for
dangerous and unethical experiments.
Except it's not your lab anymore.
The board backs me.
You think the board will back you
when they learn about this?
Now, if you're smart,
you'll keep your forked tongue quiet.
And slink off with your tail
between your legs.
Montana's really not gonna be happy.
Liz. I heard about Mark at the Bugle.
Perfect. Take all the pictures you want.
That's not why I'm here.
O, is it all forgot?
All schooldays' friendship,
childhood innocence?
And will you rent
our ancient love asunder?
You thief of love!
What, have you come by night
and stolen my love's heart?
Yes. Yes!
Now I truly feel your pain.
Oh, that was lovely.